# Raw Voice Dump 001
**Date:** March 16, 2026
**Context:** Drive home from work, 6:21 PM departure. Madison, AL area. Stopped at McDonald's.
**Method:** Live dictation while driving

---

The historical marker have a pension row is representative. Many small town African-American neighborhoods once a thriving community with its own schools churches businesses lodges and recreation areas. It has been a part of Madison since Madison was incorporated in 1869 for most of the 19th and 20th century it was Home to most of Madison's black citizens, including businessman, teachers, preachers, farmers housekeepers and works in the towns gins and warehouse the narrow streets designed for Howren carts and the hedges, plantings and trees help to define a strong sense of place, but the historic buildings are wrapped disappearing mini dilapidated houses were demolished in the 1990s and younger residence have moved away. Pension row remains home to a small population many of whom have lived here for generations as two historic churches, Saint Peter, United Methodist Church founded in 1887 and Saint Elizabeth's Cumberland Presbyterian Church. Founded in 1910 both continue to draw a worshipers from throughout western medicine County erected by the Alabama tourism department and the city of Madison, October 2010 So using this live dictation might work actually looks like it's getting out of word so normal day. I just pulled out going along but today I can look over and I see a bit of a pond and it looks like it looks like there's some geese usually this time of year the geese are out geese mini geese a can of geez I've never even notice this outlaw sports place. Looks like jeeps that PPhone limited site distance historical marker down this road that I go down every day. Well, that was different. I'm not sure if I hit the button and I hit the screen and put that out of order but maybe the word dump will cover that you know noticed it. There's lots of these things everywhere makes start of adventure just stop at a bunch of while you're going I mean like to see these houses are like I said you can see where houses were and all the houses are not very nice and then you got you don't try to fall apart, but maybe nobody even lives there and you got houses that doesn't look like people should live there but you can tell they are get one of them that's burnt down almost and then it's like nice house nice house nice house nice house nice house older style house. It's kind of neat to at the end. I like them both that wouldn't look like it used to be a church pull out and see the big bones from lift up Halloween. It's like the head of the skeleton knocked off bushes and trees everywhere that would have a lot of broken limbs a little bit of the Popo up ahead of me I found out I found out I found a a monster full monster in the floorboard. That was awesome like score score big time that was a condos. Looks just like the condos southside with the south side. Shock is cloudy cloudy skies really windy winds last night I got down like 32. It snowed a little bit today. It was pretty I didn't really stick or anything, but it definitely snowed to protect and serve and just read them back to me. They tore down the fence. Wonder why put a new fence they just put that fence. One thing I do love is the fact no matter what time I leave. Holly are going to live where I work basically, my way home is free and clear. I mean, I put it. I don't have to rush. People aren't like riding my tail. I left a little early today 6:21 PM March 16 the hardware store on the corner sometimes I just walked in and I look at all the stuff that's in there. A man could get lost in there. I mean I'm not saying a woman couldn't either but man I love that store. I'd say the name but I can't do that but I think they're everywhere but it's not the big ones. It's a little ones I think everywhere got at least one I think I can think of like one in every town maybe city maybe just in the S. You Dr. by four 500 people fake flowers put on them and reduced to headstones. A dog walks on Marquise. The sign has ducks on those keys keys two there's gonna be a goose. There's a bunch of a gander. I think that's right. I'm not sure this big old park dog woods their time to pretty for about 10 days now I mean you know white pink so many colors they are but after that ugly tree spent 355 days a year to come out pretty and let you know springs coming. They're very pretty stink, though you have a whole bunch of man I stink. I don't know how to describe it that comes from good it's not good at all. I didn't know if you could spell that you can't can't spell it. You can't spell what I'm saying. It's more of a a sound that I'm making. I guess you spell yuck but that's not what I was saying more like yeah yeah EGGUGH but that's funny. I have never noticed that with a waterfall well good thing I never unless I'm late like super late I ever get stuck in school traffic only school traffic. I want to pick up my kids. I could get to that point. That's a big old dog and all the smart people. This is where they research. Lots of research going on in this park. Yes, some trees are super beautiful during the winter when they bark pills off and it's like the white tree. I don't even know what that country is or if it's even supposed to do that but Myrtle now if you take your crate Myrtle and you actually trim it the right way and you let it grow with the right one's cutting off with four main ones and let it grow. Just let it grow and then keep it kind of Trim. Let it grow. Have it have rose that's my ideas that would be great. Have that on either side of the driveway would be amazing. Seems like you're keeping up with me on brain dump 2000. Yo we're on the cusp of spring time. You always have some people call blackberry winter have no idea why that was ever started but I know it was on Google search or I guess I shouldn't even say that so don't put that in even with search engines I don't wanna look it up. Just wonder Buck Barry winner yeah I guess imagine Wayback win and farmers were thinking about planting or procrastinating about planting. That's kind of the way. I would think of it. The procrastinator would be oh you better watch out because it's gonna be you're gonna have another blackberry winner so you don't wanna plant your seeds yet Punxsutawney Phil is that name can you use that name too? Maybe just say hedgehog is a hedgehog hedgehog hedgehog hedgehog scissors hedgehog it's a hedgehog grandpa that's funny. I just remembered I gotta put the sticker on the truck. If I haven't already I'm not sure if I have maybe I did check when I get home. I'm just riding around big dad big deal for sure. I got a drivers license somewhere I guess so I guess earlier when I said monster for my energy drink I guess I didn't leave that out because can't say monster I mean it they were talking about Astro pasta did something big open field with a big power dirt nothing nothing done anywhere I look like maybe for tri axles a third but it was piled up in a cone upward like controller and wind. That's what I feel. You can feel it pretty heavy today that front that move through is still pounding the North they were talking about 3 foot of snow in a couple hours same systems cause wind down here and tornadoes and it dropped till like 32 last night 38 right now that's so good. Gotta keep drinking the energy drinks. 1018 wheelers all of hooked up with cargo. I don't know if they leave. I guess they're all local this long stretch coming up on intersection claim lots of lies to people to get nowhere. It's a hopefully will be fixed on then finish this road they're working on the other end of it to connect big city. Hi traffic doesn't change on too much cause I'll have to leave earlier later and Bose, so many warehouses and a big car company and social media company. It's amazing how big a day as people like to say now it's it's huge. It's gonna be very huge like they're getting ready to build a couple more of those big warehouse straight rectangles nothing windows rectangles that's it metal building. Oh look at that finally hit 50 miles to empty halfway home. I still make it. It's not. It's definitely not 50 miles. I'd rather fill up in the morning. Get home in a hurry not so much of a hurry that I hurt myself for someone else they're tearing into the ground they're pulling up the rock they're pushing it this way in that way find a good spot leveling. It's what I can't wait to see how high this hill is gonna be. I see the other side and I guess it'll follow the same and at least this big curve will definitely go away all the dips and dies and potholes people reckon go down green light. Sometimes you have to stop even when it's green doesn't bother me matter fact that one day I wondered why there were people going that way I figured it out because it runs parallel to the road that I'm actually headed to. I did not make that turn at the green light that you sometimes have to stop that because people are turning left too parallel to the road that I'm headed to. I'm headed to more traffic, especially near or closer to 5 o'clock and everybody I say everybody not is in a hurry to get nowhere and when I said nowhere they're going somewhere but when they get there, they're not there there's somewhere else they're not mentally there mind somewhere else and 810 20/62 spurts of dumpling giggles my ass all that joy scroll up to get some more. That's what makes the house home. That's what makes all the noises you hope for the greeting. Sometimes the greeting is what makes the night you know what it's not sometimes that the meeting makes the night the meeting at the door or when you crashed through the had a two I don't know why the lady going going just fine now quarter of a mile ahead of me hands up like why was I blowing my horn at her 10 seconds into the I figured it was time to give her a little tap on the horn and hold it down. Don't press it little tap the little tap set them off others. That's nice. That one was looking at that 4 inch 6 inch bright screen driving somewhere wow somewhere else sometimes I like see if they're actually driving road just staring at their phones it's amazing how many people do it I've seen and iPad honest and the guy who was driving was playing a game and speeding. had to turn around. I had to turn around. I passed McDonald's you know but that's OK. I've got it. Oh no don't use McDonald's. I have to stop and get a crabby patty. Happy meal you can use that. Don't think there's a problem with crabby patty, and happy meal I don't think but you should make sounds if you stop recording because a brain dumping you and you missed a lot. This is it that way but I'm OK I'm breathing. I'm happy I'm alive. I'm not pulling through here to get a crabby patty, but I like to get something for me too who knows navigate is that big arch meal looks good right let's get the crazy patty meal and maybe I'll get some right remember to blank these out don't say the words up. I'll get some doubles yeah that's it just say doubles. It looks good. Wonder if I should get a bunch of you just said to get a crabby patty. I need to get a happy meal with a cheeseburger with with nothing nothing on it yeah meat cheese and then let me get a chocolate milk with that and fries. Yes that'll work and then let me get two of the fish sandwiches. I think that's what he said and then let me get 2468. Let me get eight double cheeseburgers, extra pickles yeah that should feed mostly everybody at my house no, no no just extra pickles. No, I think that's enough. We have a plane with milk. Yes hey give me a large chocolate shake drink on the way home. Chocolate shake say it again.
3179 thank you thank you $31.79 that's actually cheap for my house our house I know right eight double cheeseburgers my wife called she said she got my son cut my little son. He called me crabby patty meals, so she said, can you stop and get him one and I not know if I get him one at everybody there I'll probably give you the wrong card gave you how are you interactions that you have with everyone that should be happy I mean first guy I was like he said you're giving me your order that was nice and smooth. It's a crowded patty meal and then two fish sandwiches and then boo eight double cheeseburgers. Everybody's gonna eat McDonald's they're all gonna be like oh why didn't you get me anything so we walk in with this? Everybody eats 826823 for little time as we called little stream no little string there we go there string stick with string. I don't know why he came out the street street stream. I hope he's at the front door right on Pat going straight. I don't know what version of attack I'm gonna be but I'm I'm making my plot right now that's right. The second window at the trying to think of we're not that, but we are McDowell you see ours are upside down not like there McDowell he doesn't say upside down because that would still be the same as what he was talking about. The Royal scepter is clean you thought that you had whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop whoop Indians because you're silly you need to get rid of something be said about that too. Oh baby oh baby so thick in the straw dry past these gas stations and I used to pull into just about everyone get on down here comes the food no I mean, there's no I don't want to turn the heat off. It's hot here. I know I really like not that great but it's just cause I finished that energy drink. Even red lights hit different. Don't mind them. It gives you time to reflect and unwind from the stress. Hopefully, hopefully you know you can learn to live a stressful day I believe everybody deserves it. Stress stress is the bestest stress. Less stress list is the best cloud, wicked twirls coming down pretty hard Valley very very dark you see a blue sky in a patch that resembles that resembles the it looks like the frowning guy off of the boss, the boss of his name what was the bosses name the nuclear plant now it looks like the one eye creature from the Hawaii vacation, cartoon little guy was the invention. The guy wouldn't let them blow it up because of mosquitoes. Everything else is just like a pitch. That is a bright blue I storming storm and storming storm and Norman. I didn't check the bag check the bag I just I just hope they got most of them in there. That's what I hope if two are missing. I just won't. It's OK there's something at the house. She probably cooked dinner. Pick up a crabby patty happy there I am when I realize I need to turn around the word conscience conscious conscious, conscious conscious is that right if you're someone with a conscience that's right yeah I mean that makes you a good person. That could be both a good person. Definitely has one but a bad person might have one but still do bad things and and then they're mad at their conscious might do more bad things never thought about that. That's a weird thought. Lots of development going on everywhere. You see new people moving how many people moving out lots of people moving in it's a good place to live. It's a good place to be. The people are nice the way they say hi the ones that are conscience awake but she noticed she go out to eat sit down top and everyone just looking at their phone 4 inch or 6 inch screen blow in their faces turns into this one of those clips look at this. They talk about something that's on there the news I think that's where the news gets the news. They don't even get the news the way the news is supposed to get the news. The news is coming from all the people that hit news. I don't know how many people are on social media but I think that even homeless people have phone. I'm pretty sure but I do know when you're around the corner on that last turn of your drive access a relaxing filling. It's such a fulfilling filling, fulfilling filling, fulfilling filling that's it at the end. The ending is all about that fulfilling filling that 100 times fulfilling filling, fulfilling filling fulfilling filling that makes me laugh, knock knock.
Laughing before what happened be
